README.md, before:

# CONFETTI :tada::balloon::confetti_ball:

**[VIEW LIVE PAGE](#)**

> :exclamation: Edit demo-link after deploy on vercel

---

![Site image](./public/meta/ogp-image.webp)

## 📝 Project description

A website for the **Confetti** service company.

- **Project name**: Confetti
- **Project goals**:
  - Creating a positive personal brand image
  - Attracting new customers / partners
  - Promoting services through website
  - Informing consumers
- **Target audience**:
  - **Age**: 20-45+
  - **Gender**: Female
- **Product scope**: Development of a multi-page website for the Confetti
  company, whose main field of activity is creating decorations for parties and
  events.

## 🛠️ Creating the project

**Confetti** is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with
[`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

### Features

> ... This block will be available soon... ...

### Supported Languages

- Polish

### Design

[Design layout on Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/0PqCf8xZ4MGEE8VVc3AqL1/Confetti?type=design&node-id=279-2993&mode=design&t=JFAEXE7O02SadGTS-0)

### Project structure

```mermaid
graph LR

  Z{Enter} --> L(Layot)
  L ---> B(Header)
  L ---> A((Home page))
  L ---> C(Footer)
  B --> BA[Menu]
  A --> AA[Section 1. Hero]
  A --> AB[Section 2. About]
  A --> AC[Section 3. Services]
  A --> AD[Section 4. Gallery]
  A --> AE[Section 5. Reviews]
  A --> AF[Section 6. Contacts]
  BA --> D((Service page))
  AC --> D
  D --> DA[Section 1. Service Hero]
  D --> DB[Section 2. Service Gallery]
  D --> DC[Section 3. Contacts]

```

<details>

<summary><b>Project Organization and File Colocation: </b></summary>

<br/>

```

|-- public -> static files
|-- src -> source directory with the main application code
  |-- app -> pages and routing
    |-- (site) --> routing group for main UI
    |-- (studio) --> routing group for embedded CMS
  |-- components -> folder with reusable components
    |-- base -> base sections/block components (form, menu, etc.)
    |-- ui -> small reusable components (button, logo, etc.)
      |-- NameComponent -> folders for each component
        |-- NameComponent.tsx -> main component
        |-- index.ts -> file for re-export
        |-- types.ts -> file for special components types (props)
  |-- layout -> components that are used as a main template
  |-- sections -> folder with section components
  |-- sanity -> folder with base CMS code
    |-- requests --> recieving dynamic data
    |-- schemas --> schemas for CMS data modeling
  |-- data -> static data for the project (json)
  |-- types -> folder with reusable type definitions
  |-- utils -> additional reusable functions
    |-- helpers -> helper functions for pages & components
    |-- hooks -> folder with custom hooks

```

</details>

### Components API

Each component has its own API. You can find it in the component's folder. This
is a list of more common components and their API.

- #### ExampleComponent

| Prop        | Default     | Description                                   |
| ----------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `text`      | `undefined` | required, inner text content                  |
| `className` | `''`        | add custom or additional css class you'd need |

- #### Logo

| Prop       | Default     | Description                                                                       |
| ---------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `location` | `undefined` | required, choose the position you'd need to define image size: `header`, `footer` |

- #### ContactLinks

| Prop        | Default     | Description                                           |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `location`  | `undefined` | Choose the position you'd need: `header`or `contacts` |
| `className` | `undefined` | add any custom styles                                 |

- ### Slider Controls

| Prop      | Default     | Description                            |
| --------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------- |
| `section` | `undefined` | required, only 'services' or 'reviews' |

### Technology stack

- **Main technologies**:

  - Next.js (app router)
  - TypeScript
  - Tailwind CSS
  - Sanity CMS (backend, embedded management system)

- **Additional dependencies**:

  - Swiper
  - React Hook Form

  ...full list of dependencies is available in `package.json` file.

## 📂 Deployment

To deploy this project, you need to perform the following steps:

1. **Clone the repository**: Use the `git clone` command to clone this
   repository to your computer.
2. **Install the dependencies**: Open a terminal in the root of the project and
   run `npm install` or `yarn install` to install all required dependencies.
3. **Setting environment variables**: Create a `.env` file in the root folder
   and add the necessary environment variables that you need for the project
   according to the `.env.example` file.
4. **Run the application**: Run the `npm run dev` or `yarn dev` command to run
   the project on the local server.
5. **Deploy**: To deploy this project to a production server, use hosting
   platforms such as Vercel, Netlify, or others.

## ☎️ Contacts

**SoftRyzen** is ready to answer your questions and provide additional
information:

- **Website**: [softryzen.com](https://softryzen.com/)
- **Phone**: <a href="tel:+380979769625">+380979769625</a>
- **Email**: [services@softryzen.com](mailto:services@softryzen.com)
- **YouTube channel**:
  [https://www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X7NLwgdfgI)

Commit message:

add slider and fix bugs

README.md, after:

# CONFETTI :tada::balloon::confetti_ball:

**[VIEW LIVE PAGE](#)**

> :exclamation: Edit demo-link after deploy on vercel

---

![Site image](./public/meta/ogp-image.webp)

## 📝 Project description

A website for the **Confetti** service company.

- **Project name**: Confetti
- **Project goals**:
  - Creating a positive personal brand image
  - Attracting new customers / partners
  - Promoting services through website
  - Informing consumers
- **Target audience**:
  - **Age**: 20-45+
  - **Gender**: Female
- **Product scope**: Development of a multi-page website for the Confetti
  company, whose main field of activity is creating decorations for parties and
  events.

## 🛠️ Creating the project

**Confetti** is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with
[`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

### Features

> ... This block will be available soon... ...

### Supported Languages

- Polish

### Design

[Design layout on Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/0PqCf8xZ4MGEE8VVc3AqL1/Confetti?type=design&node-id=279-2993&mode=design&t=JFAEXE7O02SadGTS-0)

### Project structure

```mermaid
graph LR

  Z{Enter} --> L(Layot)
  L ---> B(Header)
  L ---> A((Home page))
  L ---> C(Footer)
  B --> BA[Menu]
  A --> AA[Section 1. Hero]
  A --> AB[Section 2. About]
  A --> AC[Section 3. Services]
  A --> AD[Section 4. Gallery]
  A --> AE[Section 5. Reviews]
  A --> AF[Section 6. Contacts]
  BA --> D((Service page))
  AC --> D
  D --> DA[Section 1. Service Hero]
  D --> DB[Section 2. Service Gallery]
  D --> DC[Section 3. Contacts]

```

<details>

<summary><b>Project Organization and File Colocation: </b></summary>

<br/>

```

|-- public -> static files
|-- src -> source directory with the main application code
  |-- app -> pages and routing
    |-- (site) --> routing group for main UI
    |-- (studio) --> routing group for embedded CMS
  |-- components -> folder with reusable components
    |-- base -> base sections/block components (form, menu, etc.)
    |-- ui -> small reusable components (button, logo, etc.)
      |-- NameComponent -> folders for each component
        |-- NameComponent.tsx -> main component
        |-- index.ts -> file for re-export
        |-- types.ts -> file for special components types (props)
  |-- layout -> components that are used as a main template
  |-- sections -> folder with section components
  |-- sanity -> folder with base CMS code
    |-- requests --> recieving dynamic data
    |-- schemas --> schemas for CMS data modeling
  |-- data -> static data for the project (json)
  |-- types -> folder with reusable type definitions
  |-- utils -> additional reusable functions
    |-- helpers -> helper functions for pages & components
    |-- hooks -> folder with custom hooks

```

</details>

### Components API

Each component has its own API. You can find it in the component's folder. This
is a list of more common components and their API.

- #### ExampleComponent

| Prop        | Default     | Description                                   |
| ----------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `text`      | `undefined` | required, inner text content                  |
| `className` | `''`        | add custom or additional css class you'd need |

- #### Logo

| Prop       | Default     | Description                                                                       |
| ---------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `location` | `undefined` | required, choose the position you'd need to define image size: `header`, `footer` |

- #### ContactLinks

| Prop        | Default     | Description                                           |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `location`  | `undefined` | Choose the position you'd need: `header`or `contacts` |
| `className` | `undefined` | add any custom styles                                 |

- ### Slider Controls

| Prop      | Default     | Description                            |
| --------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------- |
| `section` | `undefined` | required, only 'services' or 'reviews' |

- ###№ Slider

| Prop             | Default     | Description                                                 |
| ---------------- | ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data`           | `undefined` | required, any array of data for mapping                     |
| `className`      | `''`        | add any custom styles of .swiper element                    |
| `slideClassName` | `''`        | add any custom styles of .swiper-slide element              |
| `component`      | `undefined` | required, the element that will be placed inside the slide' |
| `section`        | `undefined` | required, 'about' 'services' 'gallery' 'reviews';           |

### Technology stack

- **Main technologies**:

  - Next.js (app router)
  - TypeScript
  - Tailwind CSS
  - Sanity CMS (backend, embedded management system)

- **Additional dependencies**:

  - Swiper
  - React Hook Form

  ...full list of dependencies is available in `package.json` file.

## 📂 Deployment

To deploy this project, you need to perform the following steps:

1. **Clone the repository**: Use the `git clone` command to clone this
   repository to your computer.
2. **Install the dependencies**: Open a terminal in the root of the project and
   run `npm install` or `yarn install` to install all required dependencies.
3. **Setting environment variables**: Create a `.env` file in the root folder
   and add the necessary environment variables that you need for the project
   according to the `.env.example` file.
4. **Run the application**: Run the `npm run dev` or `yarn dev` command to run
   the project on the local server.
5. **Deploy**: To deploy this project to a production server, use hosting
   platforms such as Vercel, Netlify, or others.

## ☎️ Contacts

**SoftRyzen** is ready to answer your questions and provide additional
information:

- **Website**: [softryzen.com](https://softryzen.com/)
- **Phone**: <a href="tel:+380979769625">+380979769625</a>
- **Email**: [services@softryzen.com](mailto:services@softryzen.com)
- **YouTube channel**:
  [https://www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X7NLwgdfgI)
